write_test_result_report_word: DRG Contribution to CMI
write_test_result_report_excel: DRG Contribution to CMI
save_reports_screenshot_as_html: DRG Contribution to CMI
report_names:>>>>>Flag Management Setting Audit
Find Element by:id, value:txtLoginid
Find Element by:id, value:txtPassword
Find Element by:id, value:btnloginText
wait_element_clickable-by: id, by_target: aSlideMenuSelModuleSIP101
wait_element_invisibility by: class name, by_target: modalOverlay
wait_document_completed---wait: 1s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 2s complete
Find Element by:id, value:aSlideMenuSelModuleSIP101
Find Element by:id, value:aIPModuleWorkplans
wait_element_clickable-by: xpath, by_target: //span[text()="Inpatient Standard Reports"]
Find Element by:id, value:txtSearch
wait_element_clickable-by: id, by_target: txtSearch
Find Element by:id, value:spnSearch
wait_element_clickable-by: id, by_target: spnSearch
wait_element_clickable-by: partial link text, by_target: Flag Management Setting Audit
wait_element_visibility by: id, by_target: dvCustomSearchPopup
wait_element_clickable-by: id, by_target: btnViewReport
Find Element by:id, value:btnViewReport
wait_number_of_windows_to_be=2True=pass
wait_document_completed---wait: 1s uninitialized
wait_document_completed---wait: 2s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 3s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 4s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 5s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 6s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 7s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 8s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 9s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 10s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 11s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 12s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 13s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 14s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 15s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 16s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 17s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 18s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 19s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 20s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 21s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 22s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 23s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 24s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 25s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 26s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 27s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 28s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 29s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 30s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 31s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 32s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 33s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 34s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 35s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 36s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 37s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 38s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 39s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 40s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 41s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 42s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 43s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 44s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 45s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 46s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 47s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 48s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 49s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 50s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 51s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 52s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 53s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 54s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 55s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 56s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 57s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 58s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 59s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 60s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 61s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 62s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 63s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 64s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 65s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 66s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 67s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 68s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 69s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 70s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 71s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 72s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 73s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 74s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 75s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 76s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 77s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 78s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 79s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 80s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 81s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 82s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 83s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 84s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 85s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 86s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 87s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 88s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 89s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 90s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 91s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 92s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 93s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 94s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 95s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 96s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 97s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 98s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 99s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 100s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 101s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 102s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 103s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 104s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 105s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 106s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 107s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 108s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 109s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 110s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 111s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 112s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 113s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 114s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 115s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 116s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 117s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 118s interactive
wait_document_completed---wait: 119s interactive
wait_document_completed, page takes too long to response: Flag Management Setting Audit Report
save_html_resource: Flag Management Setting Audit
wait_report_title_contains=Flag Management Setting Audit=Pass
close browser
